[PT-2026] Fix images at welcome page and add kcd Porto and DevOps Porto as community sponsors (#15914)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: themes/devopsdays-theme/reference.md

# Reference for devopsdays-theme

> 

Reviewer: For the future, I get that this probably was auto-cleaned up, but adding all of the lines and changing the table widths on the markdown that doesn't provide substantive change makes PRs like this really hard to get reviewed quickly. And the next time someone else makes a change, if they have different auto-clean settings on their IDE, this will get changed again. Recommend turning those off in the future for repos where a lot of people with different IDE settings are working.

  - name: party
    url: http://www.google.com
```

The above example would create a new menu item called "Volunteer" which linked to `devopsdays/events/YYYY-CITY/volunteer`, and another menu item called "party" which would link to `http://www.google.com`

> The menu items also take an optional parameter of `icon` where you can set the font-awesome icon that will display on small screens. _Note: This feature is currently deprecated, but it won't break anything if you use this setting_ Choose at http://fontawesome.io/icons/. Example:

Reviewer: Why was this changed?

Author: Weird that I don't remember making this change 🤔

{{< asset year="2025" city="chicago" name="map layout" image="map.png" >}}
```

### img

> Create a img html tag with an image from the assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an `img` html tag with an image from the assets directory.
This shortcode requires the image source filepath as `src`, any CSS classes you want to add `class`, and alt text for accessibility `alt`.
```

Please add more use information. Also, please update this when you make the `class` parameter optional.
